Configurable customer address (#1463)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/checkout/address.mdx

        id
        postalCode
        firstName
        lastName
        country {
          code
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
input data:
```json {4}
{
  "id": "Q2hlY2tvdXQ6MjU1MmYxYTctN2Q3MC00ODg5LTg1OWYtNGNiNWNlMGI4Zjhk",
  "shippingAddress": { "postalCode": "12-333"},
  "saveAddress": false
}
```
- [checkoutBillingAddressUpdate](/api-reference/checkout/mutations/checkout-billing-address-update.mdx)
```graphql
mutation checkoutBillingAddressUpdate(
  $id: ID,
  $billingAddress: AddressInput!
  $saveAddress: Boolean
){
  checkoutBillingAddressUpdate(
    id: $id
    billingAddress: $billingAddress
    saveAddress: $saveAddress
  ) {
    errors {
      field
      message
      code
    }
    checkout {
      id
      billingAddress {
        id
        postalCode
        firstName
        lastName
        country {
          code
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
input data:
```json {4}
{
  "id": "Q2hlY2tvdXQ6MjU1MmYxYTctN2Q3MC00ODg5LTg1OWYtNGNiNWNlMGI4Zjhk"
  "billingAddress": { "postalCode": "12-333"}
  "saveAddress": false
}
```

### Important Notes

The setting is treated as part of the address and cannot be provided independently in the mutation input.

> Attempting to set `saveShippingAddress` or `saveBillingAddres`s without including the corresponding

Reviewer: `saveBillingAddres`s -> `saveBillingAddres`s`
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8259991-f88d-4ced-903a-94754e2d35cc)

> Attempting to set `saveShippingAddress` or `saveBillingAddres`s without including the corresponding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attempting to set `saveShippingAddress` or `saveBillingAddress` without including the corresponding
```
